README.md, before:

# Web Dev Resources

A set of resources I have found useful in my web development journey thus far.

## General

[Awesome Falsehoods](https://github.com/jameslk/awesome-falsehoods)

- A curated list of awesome articles about falsehoods programmers make about things which are simply untrue.

[Destroy All Software](https://www.destroyallsoftware.com/screencasts)

- Not exactly web focused, but looks amazing. Very deep stuff, some free lessons, but the core of the site is based on a $29 per-month subscription.

[WHATWG HTML Spec](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/)

- Not light reading, but a good reference to be aware of and to consult, especially when you are making a deep-dive into a topic.

[MDN docs](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/)

- Great reference material, tutorials, API docs, everything you need to understand web dev.

[Joel On Software](https://www.joelonsoftware.com/)

- Great blog from the guy who founded StackOverflow.

[Contributing to Open Source on GitHub](https://www.sammyk.me/how-to-contribute-to-an-open-source-project-on-github)

- Nice explanation of how to contribute to open source projects on GitHub.

[12-Factor App](https://12factor.net/)

- Methodology for how to deploy SAAS apps, must-read for dev-ops/deployment information.

## JavaScript

[javascript.info](https://javascript.info/)

- In-depth reference to all things JavaScript. Includes a massive section on the JavaScript language, along with another large section on JavaScript in the browser. Should be a resource that is always consulted.

[Mastering JS](https://masteringjs.io/)

- Great tutorials about different parts of the JavaScript ecosystem, as well as newsletters appearing every 7-14 days on JS topics. A relatively new site (April 2019) this looks to be a promising resource.

[Speaking JavaScript](http://speakingjs.com/es5/index.html)

- Older (2014) general JavaScript book that is free to read at the link.

[Go Make Things](https://courses.gomakethings.com/)

- Great pocket guides for learning VanillaJS. Also has some daily tips and other resources.

[WebDev Trick](https://webdevtrick.com/web-development/javascript/)

- Gallery of small JavaScript projects that have short demos and explanations. Great for getting inspired or learning new tricks.

[Douglas Crockford's Site](http://crockford.com/javascript/)

- From the guy who found the 'good parts' of JavaScript.

[Eric Elliot Book Recommendations](https://medium.com/javascript-scene/12-books-every-javascript-developer-should-read-9da76157fb3)

- Eric writes amazing books about JavaScript, and this is a list of ones he finds worth reading.

[You Don't Know JS](https://github.com/getify/You-Dont-Know-JS)

- Dive deep into the internals of JavaScript, free to read online. Second edition is in the works.

[ExploringJS](https://exploringjs.com/)

- Alex Rauschmayer's site with links to read many of his books for free.

[David Walsh Blog](https://davidwalsh.name/)

- Great tutorials and blog posts on all things JS.

[Derick Bailey Blog](https://derickbailey.com/)

- More great JS content.

[Proxy Resources](https://github.com/mikaelbr/awesome-es2015-proxy)

- Proxies are a really interesting JS language feature, and this repo has a bunch of examples about how to use them and about metaprogramming in JS in general.

[Tyler McGinnis Site](https://tylermcginnis.com/)

- Great blog content, and some solid looking courses as well.

### React

[Formik](https://jaredpalmer.com/formik/docs/overview)

- If you want to build forms in React, check out this library over using Redux-Form.

## HTML

[Dive Into HTML5](http://diveintohtml5.info/index.html)

- Very cool online book devoted to exploring features of HTML5.

## CSS

[Learn CSS The Pedantic Way](http://book.mixu.net/css/)

- As the title states, a pedantic treatment of CSS. I love it, goes in-depth and looks at CSS from a programmer's point of view.

[Simple CSS3 Transitions](https://www.webdesignerdepot.com/2014/05/8-simple-css3-transitions-that-will-wow-your-users/)

- Some common use-cases for CSS transitions.

Commit message:

Add 'JavaScript Algorithms and Data Structures' to resources.

README.md, after:

# Web Dev Resources

A set of resources I have found useful in my web development journey thus far.

## General

[Awesome Falsehoods](https://github.com/jameslk/awesome-falsehoods)

- A curated list of awesome articles about falsehoods programmers make about things which are simply untrue.

[Destroy All Software](https://www.destroyallsoftware.com/screencasts)

- Not exactly web focused, but looks amazing. Very deep stuff, some free lessons, but the core of the site is based on a $29 per-month subscription.

[WHATWG HTML Spec](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/)

- Not light reading, but a good reference to be aware of and to consult, especially when you are making a deep-dive into a topic.

[MDN docs](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/)

- Great reference material, tutorials, API docs, everything you need to understand web dev.

[Joel On Software](https://www.joelonsoftware.com/)

- Great blog from the guy who founded StackOverflow.

[Contributing to Open Source on GitHub](https://www.sammyk.me/how-to-contribute-to-an-open-source-project-on-github)

- Nice explanation of how to contribute to open source projects on GitHub.

[12-Factor App](https://12factor.net/)

- Methodology for how to deploy SAAS apps, must-read for dev-ops/deployment information.

## JavaScript

[javascript.info](https://javascript.info/)

- In-depth reference to all things JavaScript. Includes a massive section on the JavaScript language, along with another large section on JavaScript in the browser. Should be a resource that is always consulted.

[Mastering JS](https://masteringjs.io/)

- Great tutorials about different parts of the JavaScript ecosystem, as well as newsletters appearing every 7-14 days on JS topics. A relatively new site (April 2019) this looks to be a promising resource.

[Speaking JavaScript](http://speakingjs.com/es5/index.html)

- Older (2014) general JavaScript book that is free to read at the link.

[Go Make Things](https://courses.gomakethings.com/)

- Great pocket guides for learning VanillaJS. Also has some daily tips and other resources.

[WebDev Trick](https://webdevtrick.com/web-development/javascript/)

- Gallery of small JavaScript projects that have short demos and explanations. Great for getting inspired or learning new tricks.

[Douglas Crockford's Site](http://crockford.com/javascript/)

- From the guy who found the 'good parts' of JavaScript.

[Eric Elliot Book Recommendations](https://medium.com/javascript-scene/12-books-every-javascript-developer-should-read-9da76157fb3)

- Eric writes amazing books about JavaScript, and this is a list of ones he finds worth reading.

[You Don't Know JS](https://github.com/getify/You-Dont-Know-JS)

- Dive deep into the internals of JavaScript, free to read online. Second edition is in the works.

[ExploringJS](https://exploringjs.com/)

- Alex Rauschmayer's site with links to read many of his books for free.

[David Walsh Blog](https://davidwalsh.name/)

- Great tutorials and blog posts on all things JS.

[Derick Bailey Blog](https://derickbailey.com/)

- More great JS content.

[Proxy Resources](https://github.com/mikaelbr/awesome-es2015-proxy)

- Proxies are a really interesting JS language feature, and this repo has a bunch of examples about how to use them and about metaprogramming in JS in general.

[Tyler McGinnis Site](https://tylermcginnis.com/)

- Great blog content, and some solid looking courses as well.

[JavaScript Algorithms and Data Structures](https://github.com/trekhleb/javascript-algorithms)

- A GitHub repo filled with examples of algorithms and data structures implemented in JavaScript.

### React

[Formik](https://jaredpalmer.com/formik/docs/overview)

- If you want to build forms in React, check out this library over using Redux-Form.

## HTML

[Dive Into HTML5](http://diveintohtml5.info/index.html)

- Very cool online book devoted to exploring features of HTML5.

## CSS

[Learn CSS The Pedantic Way](http://book.mixu.net/css/)

- As the title states, a pedantic treatment of CSS. I love it, goes in-depth and looks at CSS from a programmer's point of view.

[Simple CSS3 Transitions](https://www.webdesignerdepot.com/2014/05/8-simple-css3-transitions-that-will-wow-your-users/)

- Some common use-cases for CSS transitions.
